If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
You must be a magician because whenever you're around, everything else disappears.
Do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
You must be made of copper and tellurium because you're Cu-Te.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute-cumber.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you a time traveler? Because I can see you in my future.
I must be a snowflake because I've fallen for you.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
If we were at home, cuddling on a rainy Sunday morning, what would we have for breakfast? a) Pancakes b) Bacon and eggs c) Crèpes d) Acai bowl e) An argument f) Simply stay in bed.
Is it okay if I follow you home? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Do you happen to have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you believe in fate? Because I think we've just had a 'meet-cute.'
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture us together.
If looks could kill, you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.
Are you made of Stardust? Because you're out of this world.
If beauty were a crime, you'd be serving a life sentence.
Can you lend me a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda one for me.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
You must be a parking ticket because you've got 'FINE' written all over you.
Are you made of sugar? Because you're sweet enough to give me a toothache.
If I were a cat, I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
You're so sweet, you could put Hershey's out of business.
Are we at the airport? Because my heart is taking off every time I see you.
Is your dad a boxer? Because you're a knockout!
Do you like Disney movies? Because you're a dream come true.
If you were a fruit, you'd be a fineapple.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Our chemistry is hotter than a Bunsen burner.
Are you Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
Are you a camera? Every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
Are you a bank loan? Because you've got my interest.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9, and I'm the 1 you need.
Do you know what would look great on you? Me.
Are you a campfire? Because you're hot and I want s'more.
Is your name Google? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.
Do you have a quarter? Because I want to call my mom and tell her I met 'the one.'
If you were a triangle, you'd be acute one.
I'd like to take you to the movies but they don't let you bring your own snacks in.
No pen, no paper but you still draw my attention.
All the good pick up lines are taken but you aren't.
Excuse me while I delete my dating apps.
This must be a museum because you're a work of art.
I'm not even playing cards but somehow I pulled a Queen.
You must be a dog person because you look fetching.
I didn't even have to run to catch these butterflies.
I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
Hey, how was heaven when you left it?
Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me.
Are you a charger? Because I'm dying without you.
Wanna be Minecraft without the craft?
Are you lighnting? Because you're McQueen.
Do you have a pet? Because seeing you has given me a whole new leash on life.
Is your name Jimmy? Because I've Fallon for you.
I don't normally chase people but for you I'd put my crocs in sport mode.
Are you a Mariah Carey song? Because All I Want for Christmas Is You.
Aren't you worried about global warming? Because you're making it hot in here.
Are you a loan? You've got my interest.
How can I plan our wedding without having your number?
Are you a keyboard? Because you might just be my type.
You know, I'm actually terrible at flirting. How about you try to pick me up instead?
4+4=8 but you+me=fate
Are you tired? You've been running through my mind all day.
What's your favorite drink? I'm asking so I know what to buy you when we go on our first date.
I should complain to Spotify for not making you this week's hottest single.
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper.
You look so familiar…did we have class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
I'm learning about important dates in history, wanna be one of them?
They say dating is a numbers game, so can I get yours?
When I text you good morning tomorrow, what number should I text?
Hi, I know you don't know my name, but you can call me tomorrow.
Can I show your profile to my friends to prove that angels really do exist?
There's something wrong with my phone, it doesn't have your number in it.
1234567890. The only number I don't see here is yours.
Do you have Instagram? My parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Are you an artist? You're really good at drawing me in.
Angels should be in heaven. How'd you escape?
If you and I were socks, we'd make a great pair.
Your name must be Barbie because when I saw you I pictured our Dreamhouse.
What is it like to be the most gorgeous person in this room?
If you were words on a page, you'd be fine print.
You must be a talented thief because you managed to steal my heart from all the way over here.
They say nothing lasts forever. Want to be my nothing?
Anyone who says Disney is the happiest place on earth has never stood next to you.
Did the sun come out, or did you just smile at me?
Would you mind giving me a pinch? You're so cute, I must be dreaming.
If I had a time machine, I'd use it to relive this exact moment.
Are your shoelaces tied? I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Are you a cat? Because I've fallen fur you.
I'm not very good at math but I can give you the value you deserve.
I'm no electrician but I can light up your day.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see.
Want to go outside and get some fresh air with me? You just took my breath away.
I can't tell if that was an earthquake, or if you just seriously rocked my world.
Are you a dentist? My smile got brighter when I saw you.
Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.
I have a phone number, you have a phone number—think of the possibilities.
I've got all these forks and knives all I need is a little spoon.
Your hand looks heavy, can I hold it for you?
I always thought happiness started with an "H" but it looks like it starts with "U."
Did you just come out of an oven? Because you're too hot to handle.
I think we've met before. Actually, never mind—I think it was just in my dreams.
I bet my number sounds nicer than yours. Wanna hear it?
Trust me, I'm not drunk—I'm just intoxicated by you.
Do you have a mirror? Because I can see us together.
I hope someone knows how to do CPR because you just took my breath away.
You're looking a little sick, you must be suffering from lack of Vitamin Me.
If you were a transformer you'd be Optimus Fine.
Let's play a game…not hide and seek though, people like you are hard to find.
I never believed in love at first sight, then I saw you.
It's a good thing I have my library card, because I am totally checking you out.
If being beautiful was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged.
My mom told me not to talk to strangers online, but I'll make an exception for you.
Did you go to school at Hogwarts? Because I'm feeling the magic.
I'm really glad I just bought life insurance because when I saw you, my heart stopped.
When I send your pic to my group chat, which one would you like me to use?
Do you have an extra heart? I think you just stole mine.
Aside from being this good-looking, what else do you do in your free time?
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
You owe me a drink. Because when I saw you, I dropped mine.
Do you know what you'd look beautiful in? My arms.
Something must be wrong with my eyes because I can't take them off you.
So, aside from taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Insta?
It's a good thing I have my library card because I am totally checking you out.
Aside from being good-looking, what do you do in your spare time?
If I had a time machine, I'd use it to relive this exact moment.
Do you like my new sweater? It's made of boyfriend/girlfriend material.
I always thought Disney was the happiest place on earth—until I stood next to you.
I'm pretty good with numbers. Why don't you give me yours and see what I can do with it?
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
Have we met? You look exactly like my next partner.
I wish I were cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
Titanic? That's my icebreaker. What's up?
If you were a chicken, you'd be im-peck-able.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Are you a cat? Because you're purr-fect.
You can delete the app now, I'm here.
I was feeling a little off today, but you turned me on again.
Did you eat magnets for breakfast? You're so attractive.
Can I take a picture of you to show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Are you my credit card? Because I'm paying you a lot of interest.
My sweet tooth has been itching since the minute I saw your profile.
Better stop, drop, and roll, 'cause baby, you're on fire.
Is your name Netflix? Because I could binge on you for hours.
This might sound cheesy, but I think you're really grate.
Are you Youtube? Because I want you-tu-be mine.
Do you like Mexican food? I'd like to wrap you up into a bae-rito.
Want to step outside for some fresh air? You just took my breath away.
Is this the Hogwarts Express? Because you sure make this trip seem magical.
What's it like to be the most gorgeous person in the room?
Your name must be Coca-Cola because you're soda-licious.
Are you a broom? You just swept me off my feet.
Are you a boxer? Because you're a knockout.
Truth or date?
My feelings for you are like a sneeze—I just can't hold them in.
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd still only have $.05.
Did we go to school together? I swear we have chemistry.
I'm going to complain to Spotify that you're not in this week's hottest singles.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine? Cause you're lookin' like a snack.
Are you an electrician? Because you're lighting up my day.
Just curious—if you're here, who's running heaven?
Did your license get suspended for driving guys crazy?
I'm not an organ donor, but I'd give you my heart.
You're like a fine wine. The more of you I drink in, the better I feel.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
I heard you like bad boys? Well, I'm bad at everything.
Your smile is proof that the best things in life are free.
I always thought happiness started with 'H' but now I know it was 'U.'
I'd flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
You don't know how many times I've had to swipe left to find you.
I'm writing an article on the finer things in life and was hoping to interview you.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
If you let me borrow a kiss, I promise to give it right back.
I'd never play hide and seek with you. Someone like you is impossible to find.
Is your name chamomile? Because you look like a hot tea.
Wouldn't we look cute topping a wedding cake together?
Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie.
I had this awesome pick-up line but forgot it the minute I laid eyes on you.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Do you remember me? Oh, that's right—we've only met in my dreams.
Thank god I'm wearing gloves, as you're too hot to handle.
I hope you know CPR because of how you take my breath away.
Are you an appendix? Because this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Do you like bagels? Because you're one of my bae-goals.
There must be something wrong with my eyes. I can't take them off you.
Your lips look lonely. Would they like to meet mine?
We're like socks. We'd make a great pair.
The universe is constantly expanding, but I keep getting pulled towards you.
Not even Snape could Severus apart.
Do you fish? Because you have me hooked.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how am I so lucky to match with you?
You're pretty, and I'm cute. Wanna be pretty cute together?
The sparkle in your eyes is so bright it makes the sun jealous.
There must be something wrong with my phone because your number isn't in it.
Thank you for the gift. I've been wearing this smile since you gave it to me.
When I text you good morning, what number should I use?
You're that one track that's worth buying the whole album for.
See that space between your fingers? That's for mine.
Is your hand lonely? Let me hold it.
You must be an archeologist to dig such a hole in my heart.
I never believed in love at first sight until now.
What emoji should I put next to your name in my phone?
I think your number will be safer in my phone than in your head.
I believe in honesty: I find you attractive.
I'm surprised they don't ask you to leave—you make everyone else look bad.
Can we snap a pic so I can show all my friends what I want my next relationship to look like?
Your taser must be set to 'stunning.'
You're my compass. Wherever I go, my thoughts return to you.
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I'd make the cover of Fortune.
You're so sweet, my teeth hurt when I talk to you.
Can you tame butterflies? The ones in my stomach are out of control.
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
If you were a song, you’d be my favorite track on repeat.
Are you a bedtime story? Because I could listen to you all night.
Are you a puzzle? Because I want to spend forever figuring you out.
If my heart had a playlist, you’d be every song on it.
You must be a locksmith, because you’re unlocking all my hidden desires.
Are you a sugar rush? Because you just gave me a serious craving... in all the right places.
You’re like a double espresso—strong, intoxicating, and keeping me up all night.
You must be a spark plug, because you’re igniting something serious in me.
If seduction were an art, you’d be the masterpiece.
Are you a secret password? Because I want exclusive access to you.
If you were a pizza-delivery guy, I would be giving YOU the tip.
Do you support veganism? I have a sausage that is safe to eat.
Are you a ghost train? Because I am going to scream when I ride you.
Are you a guitar ? Because I wanna grab you by your neck, finger your chords and listen to the noises you make.
I love your shirt but it would look so much better on my bedroom floor.
Is it possible that you might be an elevator? I would happily go up and down on you.
I just check my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas.
I hope you bought that Costco card cause you are about to get that d**k in bulk.
Are you a scientist? Cause I wanna do you on a table periodically.
Is there a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them!
Is your name winter? Because with me you won't be coming very soon.
Want to play barbies? I'll be Ken and you can be the box I come in.
You remind me of my Pinky toe. Sooner or later I am going to bang you on the table.
Hey baby, you're so fine! I'll be the 6, you be the 9.
Do I have to sign for your package?
Are you flappy bird? Because I could tap you all night.
You’re on my list of things to do tonight.
Are you a sea lion? Because I can see you lying in my bed tonight.
My lips are Skittles — wanna taste the rainbow?
Are your legs made of Nutella? Because I’d love to spread them.
I want to wear you like a pair of sunglasses… One leg over each ear.
You’re just like a wine tasting. They say to spit but I always prefer swallowing.
Are you a stack of dirty dishes? Because I want to get you wet and do you all night long.
They say the tongue is the strongest muscle. Want to wrestle?
Roses are red. Violets are fine. You be the 6. I’ll be the 9.
Are you a rubix cube? Because the more I play with you the harder you get.
Sorry to bother you but: Do you have room for an extra tongue in your mouth?
Are you a Slytherin? Because I really want you to slither into my Chamber of Secrets.
I know at least three ways to make six inches disappear.
If you were an elevator, what button would I have to push to get you to go down?
That body is yours for the rest of your life. Can I have it just for tonight?
I may not go down in history but I’ll go down on you.
As long as I have a face, you always have a place to sit.
You make my whole week, now let’s make your hole weak.
There will be only 7 planets left after I destroy Uranus.
Hey girl, are you soda? Caz i would like to Mount & Do You
I'll get us breakfast tomorrow morning, you can be the dessert tonight.
Are you a drill sergeant? Because you have my privates standing at attention.
50 shades of Grey. Wanna come watch it on my flat screen mirror?
Are you a SBI Bank's Server? cause you always suck whenever I come.
The divisions of ocean are called river, You can name it my fantasy when I make your whole body shiver.
If I flip a coin, what are my chances of me getting head?